- Previously on "The Rookie."
- Don't puke on him.
This is not my first OD.
I had this girlfriend back
in high school.
I found her after prom
in a bathroom.
Four years ago,
I was diagnosed with cancer.
Given our continued fallout
from the mess Monica
and Blair London created,
Wesley Evers has
been assigned here
to make sure
we're flying right.
How I'm supposed
to work next to Angela Lopez
when all I can think about
is how much I want to--
Malvado is a myth...
The criminal equivalent
of the boogeyman.
Well, apparently, Southern
Front hired him to kill Jason.
We have the same goal.
All you have to do is leave
and your problems go away.
I can't do that.
I know you like oat milk,
but the store was out,
so I got almond.
I hope that's OK.
Ah.
Hello, my beautiful wife.
Hey, I just wanted
to check in
and see how it's going with
my newer replacement model.
Hi, Bailey.
Yeah, Celina
is not a replacement.
She's, uh, bait.
And no one could replace you
because you are awesome.
Thank you.
Now, is this really necessary?
We have U.S. Marshals
watching the house 24/7,
and Jason is being hunted
by a hitman.
Can I please come home?
Yeah, you can 100% come home
if you can look me in the eye
and tell me
that Jason's not
a relentless psychopath
that would risk everything
to get back at you
for betraying him.
OK, fine.
You win.
But I'm climbing
the walls here.
No offense.
- None taken.
I totally get it.
I mean, with Rachel here,
it is a little snug.
Hey.
Oh, so have we had
any movement
on the mystery woman that Jason
is supposedly shacked up with?
No, but given
Jason's history,
I would say she's probably
the lonely, wealthy type.
Yeah, which would
give him the resources
to stay under the radar.
OK.
Well, if I can't come home,
can you please
pack up some of my things
and give them to Lucy?
I'll text you a list.
Yeah, of course.
And, uh--
Oh.
Maybe a little later,
we can find some personal time?
There will be
no personal time
until we're in our own bed.
I will have Jason
caught by tonight.
♪ I'm gonna win for you ♪
♪ Like I know you
want me to do ♪
Hey, I just want to reiterate
I know what I did last week
was wrong.
And I take no delight
in any of the public fanfare
around my hero moment
that--our--our hero moment
that we had together.
I just--I fell out of my groove
with the whole TO swap thing.
So I'm just--I'm happy
to be back with my OG.
Oh, God.
No one likes a suck-up,
Ridley.
Let's go.
- Yes, ma'am.
Anything you wanna add
to this sad mea culpa?
I'm not looking
for any extra credit, sir.
I just want to be
prepared as possible
for whatever the day holds.
Preparation is
only half the battle.
All I care about is how
you perform on the streets
when your adrenaline's high
and you want to be
an action star.
Yes, sir.
I'll keep the wild horses
locked in the stable, sir.
Check your phone
on your own time, please.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, wow.
They just keep coming in.
OK, seriously,
what's going on right now?
I--sorry.
I'm just--I'm waiting
on my test results to come in.
I'm a little bit paranoid.
Oh, that's right.
Well, um, did you get any news?
- No.
These are just notifications
that my name is being mentioned
somewhere online.
Are you serious?
Yeah, sorry.
I'll put it away.
Thank you.
Oh, OK.
Wow. They just--they're good.
They're nice comments.
- Airplane mode.
- Right.
Mr. Evers.
- Welcome back, Wesley.
- Hey.
Sean, hey.
I just wanted to be here
to welcome you back.
The office wasn't
the same without you.
I mean, I'm glad to be back,
as is the entire
Mid-Wilshire Station.
Apparently, they don't
appreciate oversight.
Yeah, well, look,
I'm sure you have a lot
to catch up on,
but the
district attorney election
is right around the corner,
and I just wanted to be sure
I could count
on your endorsement.
Hmm.
Wesley.
Oh, you are aging backwards.
Oh.
I just wanted
to say welcome back
and make sure you're all
squared pen-wise.
Oh, thank you.
Nice try, Vivian.
But you're not going to
buy your way to a win here.
Don't you find an
insecure man such a turnoff?
I am lightyears from insecure.
Anyway, I would
love your endorsement.
- OK.
Bye.
-  OK.
You know, in my younger days,
she really would have
gotten under my skin.
Right.
Definitely not now.
No.
Hey, Sean.
You have five minutes
to talk about something
that's been eating away
at the very core of who I am?
Well, that sounds like
it's going to take longer
than five minutes,
but yeah, sure, OK.
Thanks.
You're really the only person
I can talk to about this.
Um...
I heard something
on the Blair London tapes
that has got me spinning.
I thought you turned in
your final report on those.
No, I did.
Uh, it's not criminal.
It's--
you know Keith Graham
from Mid-Wilshire?
Yeah, sure.
He's a great guy.
Annoyingly handsome.
I mean, he's solid detective.
He was seeing Blair?
Yeah, and during
his sessions,
he revealed that
he has recurring...
intimate dreams about Angela.
- Yikes.
- Yeah.
Well, look,
you know that legally,
you cannot divulge
any of that to her.
That's a violation
of his privacy.
And that puts the two of them
in an incredibly uncomfortable
position.
I know,
but it's driving me crazy.
Wha--Wes, I--you know.
It seems to me it comes down to
how secure you are
in your marriage.
He's definitely not the first
guy to hit on your hot wife.
He certainly won't be the last.
Wait.
Did you?
I plead the fifth.
All right.
This is not going to be easy.
When the CHP calls
for mutual aid,
usually because things have
gotten messy, even for LA.
Now, wrecks like these
are all about
problem-solving and accuracy.
We have to be exact with
every word in our reports.
Our measurements can't be off,
not even by an inch.
That would mean
a change in liability
and then any half-decent lawyer
could use that
to discredit
our entire investigation.
That's mildly terrifying.
Which is why
I'm making you primary.
What?
Face your fears,
Officer Juarez.
You can handle this.
Tell me you can handle this.
I--I can handle it.
I can handle it.
This is gon' be as fun
as putting socks on a rooster.
Here come the chippies.
He's, like, 50 feet away.
He for sure could have walked.
Afternoon.
Thanks for the assist.
Where do you want us?
Given the circumstances,
we think this should be
an LAPD-led investigation.
- No problem.
- Where will CHP be stationed?
We'll be helping out
at the off-ramp.
Oh.
Over in the shade,
relieving grateful citizens
from bumper-to-bumper traffic?
That's nice.
We just want the freeways
up and running
as quickly as possible.
I told Juarez
she's got primary on this.
Bold.
You either want to end
her career right now
or you honestly believe in her.
What do you want us to do?
OK, well, first thing first,
we--we render safety and aid
to all victims.
That means that our number
one priority is--
is clearing a path
for the next ambulance.
I gotta take this.
What's happening?
Were you able to get
that stuff from Lucy?
She was gonna come by here
at lunch and bring it to me.
You forgot.
Yeah, sorry.
This morning's been
just a little chaotic,
but you stay put.
I promise
I'll get it to you tonight
or tomorrow at the latest.
OK, yeah.
Stay safe. I love you.
I love you, too.
How far, Boot?
18.6 feet, sir.
- You sure about that?
- Positive, sir.
Ridley, how far?
Uh, 20--no, that's 20.1--
20.2--it just keeps--
it keeps moving.
I--oh, I have to--
I have to stand still.
Yeah, OK.
20.2.
Hey, what's next?
OK, well, now, I mean,
now you take a million photos.
Just make sure you get
the scene from every angle.
You search the cars
for any open containers,
alcohol, drugs.
If there's any indication
that this is a DUI,
that changes everything.
- OK.
- OK?
OK.
Clear.
Well, hey, hey.
Did you get pictures
from underneath the car
and above as well?
- No.
No, sorry, sorry, it's my bad.
I--
No, listen.
I understand there's a lot
going on right now,
but I can't be holding your
hand every step of the way.
Yeah.
Time to take the training
wheels off there, Ridley.
Can you just lay off?
You have no idea what
anybody's going through, OK?
My girlfriend died in
high school in a car accident,
and this whole
thing is bringing up
a lot of bad memories.
- I'm sorry, dude.
I didn't know.
Just think next time
before you speak, OK?
Officer Penn,
you clear this car?
Yes, sir.
Driver was critical.
Went off in the
first ambulance.
You didn't think
to make note of this?
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
I thought we was checking
for beer cans, not firearms.
Back home,
every car you pull over
have a gun in the glove box.
Bag this, please.
- Juarez?
- Yes, sir.
What about this car?
Do we have any information
on this driver?
Uh, no.
Nobody's talked to him yet.
But it is registered
to a Harrison Novak.
Officers!
Double time!
This is the LAPD.
Is anyone in there?
We're going to get you out.
Just hang on.
- Please, please, please.
- Oh, my God.
We need an ambulance!
I'd never seen him before.
But he knew me.
He was waiting.
He called out "Savannah,"
and when I turned,
he sprayed me in the eyes
with something.
It burned really bad.
Um, I tried to run, but, um,
hit me over the head.
And the next thing I knew,
I was tied up in the--
in the trunk.
And we drove around forever.
It felt like hours.
And, uh, he was singing.
He kept replaying
the same dumb pop songs,
singing along
at the top of his lungs
without a care in the world.
Well, you're safe now, OK?
And the good news is
we know who he is.
Officers are kicking down
his door as we speak.
Police!
Harrison Novak, we have
a warrant for your arrest.
Ridley.
Clear!
- Clear!
This place gives me the creeps.
It feels like teenage girls
live here,
not a 40-year-old dude.
Get used to it.
We're gonna be here
for a minute.
It's the only property
registered in his name.
We need to search every inch
of this place,
so glove up, tear it apart.
Yes, sir.
How bad?
Physically, she should be OK.
Guy nabbed her out in public
and kept her in a trunk
for hours.
Being a woman
is consistently terrifying.
Then you have a daughter
and it only gets worse.
Harrison Novak was
arrested three years ago
for burglary and assault.
He broke into a woman's home
and choked her.
It seemed open-and-shut,
but evidence was compromised,
and the prosecution
lost the case at trial
to Novak's hotshot lawyer.
Who the hell was that?
Your husband.
Yeah, I recognize the case.
The cops screwed up
the chain of evidence,
and I got him acquitted.
Why?
We found a girl in his trunk
in pretty bad shape.
He's currently at large,
so if you can give us
anything that might help.
Uh, I'll pull his file
and get it to you ASAP.
Let me know if there's
anything else I can do.
Thanks.
Do you remember
the Harrison Novak case?
Uh, yeah, of course.
That's the only time
I lost a trial.
Why?
- Novak just abducted a woman.
Maybe not the first.
Well, that's not good.
For either of us.
Huh.
Hey, I'm sorry again
for not reporting the gun.
But I did find out the owner
had purchased it legally,
and it was registered.
That's not the point.
Cars are frequently broken into
by criminals who do not have
a license to carry.
A weapon not registered to them
is a win for
the criminal community.
Understood.
It won't happen again.
You know what?
I'm going to recommend
you undergo additional training
and testing all weekend,
plus an additional
three hours a day
for the next two weeks.
What? It was--
it was a simple mistake!
Look, if I can't trust you
to clock loaded weapons
in plain sight, what else
can't I trust you with?
- What's wrong?
- I lost her.
She left the apartment.
I got blocked in by a truck.
Hello?
- Come on, come on.
- ♪ With a boom and a bang ♪
♪ There it goes ♪
- Hi, please leave me--
- She's ducking my call.
But you can track her phone, right?
♪ Threw it all away ♪
♪ Come on, let's get it
started, started, ooh ♪
She's headed towards
Echo Park, the firehouse.
Punch it.
Oh.
This guy's totally a psycho.
He wore his outside shoes
right in the bedroom.
Wait, these things gotta
be caked in evidence, right?
Potentially.
Take a photo and then bag them.
Hey, uh, Ridley,
can I ask you a question
about something from earlier?
Yeah, that's not really
my favorite way
to start a conversation,
but sure.
A few weeks ago, you told me
that your girlfriend overdosed.
And then earlier, I swear I
thought I heard you tell Miles
that she died
in a car accident?
Yeah.
Sorry, I should have
made that more clear.
Sarah didn't actually die
from the OD.
We got super-lucky.
My friend's dad, he's a doctor,
and--and he came home
just in time with some
naloxone.
And then she died
in a car accident?
No, that was a different
girlfriend a year later.
Savannah wasn't a one-off.
I found this hidden
in the hallway closet.
Oh, my God.
More victims.
Hello?
- Hey, counselor.
Harrison Novak.
You helped me out of a jam
a few years ago.
Of course.
Uh, I'm just finishing up
a meeting.
Can I call you right back?
That's OK. I can hold.
I got time.
I've got Harrison Novak
on the phone.
He wants me to represent him.
What's my ethical obligation
here?
Do I have to tell him I'm
no longer a defense attorney?
Uh, no but as a prosecutor,
the only thing you can't do
is agree to represent him.
Other than that,
you can tell him
anything he needs to hear
to keep him on the line.
- OK.
- Angela, it's Del Monte.
Got your husband here.
He's talking to Novak on
his cell phone right now.
Hot damn.
Setting up a trace now.
OK, I'm putting
you on speaker.
Wesley, just keep him
talking as long as you can.
I'll mute my phone
so we can listen.
All right, great.
I'm going over to him now.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
How can I help?
No problem. Look,
I know you're a very busy guy,
so I will skip the foreplay.
I was super impressed
with how you handled my case
back in the day,
and I find myself
in a bit
of fresh legal jeopardy.
How bad are we talking?
See, I don't like to
use that word "bad."
So judgy.
Good, bad, right, wrong.
They're all just choices and
decisions repressed people use
to keep more free-thinking
individuals in a box.
Right, well,
I wasn't trying to judge.
I just need to know
a little more
of what I'm getting into
before I commit.
Well, I can tell
you this much.
Most people might not like
what I do, who I am,
but everyone inflicts
and contributes
to some level of pain
and suffering.
You might step on a bug
or cook a steak.
I just do my version of that.
Only on a bigger,
more connected level with...
larger and more conscious
animals.
Are you saying
you've killed people?
you're my lawyer?
Mr. Novak,
I'm just trying to make sure
we're both on the same page.
This is taking longer than
I'd wanted,
and I have a bit
of a ticking clock problem.
I had wanted to achieve
so much more
by the end of my story,
a certain number
of accomplishments,
to make the world take notice.
So now I find myself having to
get into the volume business.
Wait, um, why don't we get
together in person and discuss?
I gotta go.
But don't worry.
You'll probably see me
later tonight on your TV.
- Wait!
- Ciao for now.
Please tell me
you got a location.
He's calling
from Sorority Row.
He's going to pull a Ted Bundy.
I'm sending every cop
in the city,
but I'm not sure we're going
to make it there in time.
Say a prayer.
Who is it?
Hi, uh, Melanie?
I think I have your package.
It got delivered
to my place by mistake.
For you.
- Thanks so much.
Oh!
Police!
Please step away!
Ah!
Back up!
I got him!
Everybody OK?
If any of you ladies are
looking to join the LAPD,
I'd like to offer a
letter of recommendation
written by me personally.
Get back.
This is a crime scene.
Let me through.
I'm with the DA's office.
I need to get in there.
- I said back up.
- Angela! Angela!
- Hold on.
Stand down.
He's allowed to be here.
Hey, what happened in there?
Please tell me no one's dead.
No one is dead.
In fact, he got his ass kicked.
Hey, it's OK.
You did good.
You're the reason
we got this guy.
I'm also the reason
that he's been free
to kill innocent women
for the past three years.
His actions are
not your fault.
You were just doing your job.
OK.
Hey.
Thought you were too busy
for me.
You change your mind?
I'm not a defense lawyer
anymore.
I'm a prosecutor now.
Tricky.
That's how the cops
got here so quick.
Yeah, you're lucky we did.
Those girls were
about to kill you.
Get in.
We should get him back to the
station as soon as possible.
He is a talker.
Yeah, go.
I'll be fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Go.
Hmm.
♪ Roses are red ♪
♪ Diamonds are shining,
it's on now ♪
♪ Rolling in dice ♪
♪ It's the luck of draw,
yeah, it's all right ♪
♪ Don't be afraid ♪
♪ We've got all of the joy-- ♪
Put your hands on the wheel!
I'm impressed.
Like I care.
Who are you?
Why are you following me?
Did Jason send you?
No.
I'm the man hunting
your ex-husband.
Malvado.
I'm not your enemy.
We want the same thing.
Jason dead.
You're a wanted man.
I should call 911.
Go ahead.
Have me arrested.
And spend the rest of your life
worrying about Jason.
Or you could let me go
and never have
to worry about him again.
May I?
This number cannot be traced.
But messages
will get back to me.
If you hear of Jason's
whereabouts, let me know.
And I will put an end
to your nightmare.
Hey, you OK?
Hey. Yeah, I'm fine.
What were you thinking?
Do you have any idea
how dangerous this was?
Oh, look,
my phone is ringing.
The idea was that
you stay in the apartment.
All of a sudden,
I got marshals
blowing up my phone
telling me you've gone missing?
You almost gave me
a heart attack.
Wait, how is it the Marshals
know I left?
Are they tracking my phone?
We had a guy posted
outside Lucy's apartment.
To spy on me?
To protect you.
In case Jason saw through the
ruse and went after you there.
Can we get back in the shop, please?
Why didn't you tell me?
That's not the point.
What were you even doing
down here in the first place?
It doesn't matter.
Before we get started,
I'd like to get us
on the same page
as to how we speak
to each other.
I mean, we may have...
well, differing philosophies,
but it doesn't mean we can't
be cordial to one another.
You don't make
the rules here.
I think I kind of do.
I mean, you must have a lot
of very distressed families
who are desperate for answers.
And I am willing
to tell you everything.
But I expect to be treated
like a person, not a monster.
Sure, we can do that.
We will just listen.
Whatever you want to tell us.
These on?
Yes, you're being recorded.
It's not the killing.
You'd think it would be.
It's the least
interesting part.
The anticipation,
the planning...
That puts a wind in my sails.
The killing itself is
more like eating for me.
Necessary, but...
not as holistically stimulating
as the lead-up.
Now...
hunting my victims,
really feeling their fear...
That just...
fills me up.
When the killing's done,
I tend to feel a little...
empty inside, lonely even.
So then, I...
have to do it again.
These are human beings
you are talking about.
You don't feel any
kind of remorse?
Do you feel remorse when
you eat a burger?
What did you do
with the bodies?
Buried them.
Where?
How about I show you?
All right, you can stay here
till the end of shift,
and then Lucy will be here
to bring you back
to her apartment.
I'm your wife, John.
I don't work for you.
And in case you've forgotten,
I literally spent
the last three weeks
doing tactical military
training in Germany.
I don't need you to protect me.
Nolan, Novak gave up
the location of his dump site.
Units on their way.
I need you guys
to meet them there.
Right,
um, we'll finish this later.
- Mm-hmm.
- Promise.
Uh, would you watch her, please?
You're a grown-ass woman.
I'm not babysitting you.
- Thank you.
Hey.
Hey there.
You really want to be
shooting from that side.
I'm completely backlit.
And no offense, but if
you want to have an easy time
selling the doc to Hulu
or whatever,
you want to see my face
and not the, you know,
random cops.
That's what people
actually care about.
Hey, we got something.
♪ Your painted face
take extra care ♪
♪ Careful not
to breathe the air ♪
♪ A silver-tongued shadow ♪
♪ A vulgar infection ♪
♪ A silver-tongued creature ♪
♪ This self-deception ♪
Where are they going?
I don't know.
I didn't bury anyone
over there.
They're all wrapped the same.
They must be yours.
I swear to God,
all my kills are back there.
These aren't mine.
I'm gonna have nightmares
about that burial site.
Shouldn't I be
more hardened by now?
I--I should, right?
No, your empathy
is your best quality.
Really?
Best quality?
Well, there
are certain others.
Best discussed in
a non-professional setting.
- Thanks for coming right over.
- Yeah, of course.
- You saw the bodies?
- Yes.
We didn't unwrap any of them
for fear of
compromising DNA evidence.
They're all being sent to
our morgue facility downtown.
Give us the room, guys.
Hey.
Good to see you again.
Likewise.
Wish it was
over a caffé americano,
but here we are.
Hi, nice to see you.
Uh, who wants to start?
I will.
As I told Garza,
it seems clear that we have a
second serial killer at large.
Harrison Novak has been
falling all over himself
to take credit for his kills,
but he seemed genuinely shocked
when we uncovered those bodies.
You think he knows who
the second killer is?
Maybe, but it feels unlikely.
I agree with Nyla.
Novak seemed totally thrown
by the bodies
and worried that this killer
would somehow overshadow him.
OK, so what's our first step?
Mine is a thorough
examination of all the victims,
which will take days,
if not weeks.
In the short-term,
we need to try to figure out
a connection
between the two killers.
Well, let's say
Harper's intuition is right,
and Novak doesn't know the
identity of the second killer.
I mean,
it can't be a coincidence
that number two used the same
green tarp to bury his victims.
He's clearly piggybacking off
of Novak's burial site, right?
Which would indicate
that killer number two
is trying to hide his crimes
inside Novak's.
Which is the complete
opposite of Harrison Novak,
a killer who's desperate
for recognition.
How did number two know about
the burial site?
I mean, they must have
crossed paths somewhere, right?
Theoretically,
but without even the slightest
hint of where to start looking,
we're talking about
an infinitely large haystack
hiding a very small needle.
I hope I'm not interrupting,
but I might have a smaller
haystack for you to search.
I dug through my notes from
the Harrison Novak case file.
When we first met, he mentioned
that he had spent some time
in a psychiatric facility.
That wasn't in this file.
Well, he was 15.
Voluntary admission,
not criminal.
- Which facility?
- Westview, out in Chatsworth.
We've been there before.
Director's a pill.
We'll go talk to her.
Do you mind
expediting a warrant?
She's not going to give us
anything unless she has to.
Yeah, consider it done.
You do know not everyone
suffering from mental illness
is a serial killer?
Of course,
but we did just arrest one,
and he was treated
at this facility 15 years ago.
So we're not just here
because we heard
how personable the staff is.
Yeah, listen, we know that
this is a sensitive subject,
but most serial killers suffer
from some sort of psychosis
or antisocial
personality disorder.
Nice. Which Psychology 101
book did you pull that from?
I'm about to put her in
a different kind of hospital.
With all due respect,
we just pulled more than
a dozen bodies out of a field.
And now we have a court order
for your patient records.
Either you give us access
to those records now
or later, after you've spent
the weekend in jail.
Are you aware of people
suffering from mental illness
are actually more likely to be
victims of violent crime?
Yes, but that's not relevant
at this moment.
So are you going to give us
the list of patients and staff
who were here with Novak
or not?
It'll take a while
to assemble.
You have 12 hours.
And we don't do grace periods.
I really thought you were
going to hurt her there
for a minute.
- Me, too.
And you weren't exactly
playing good cop either.
Whatever gets the job done.
What?
Same green tarp?
You wanna go in?
As opposed to calling in
100 cops to do it for us?
No guts, no glory.
Control,
this is Detective Lopez.
Harper and I are code six
on a follow-up
at Westview
Psychiatric Hospital.
Start up another unit in case
we come across anything.
Copy that, Detective.
You ready?
Ready.
Ugh.
You OK?
Yeah, I'm just regretting
my choice of footwear.
I can't believe they still
have all this equipment.
You never know
when lobotomies
will come back in style.
There's something
written here.
Maybe from an old patient?
I feel like I've seen
this movie before.
Yeah, but they
didn't have guns.
Control, the situation
is escalating.
Attach a few more units.
Code three.
Copy that, Detective.
I am starting to regret more
than just my shoe choice.
No guts, no glory, remember?
That's not fair,
using my bravada against me.
Police!
Stop!
Help me.
He's coming back!
You have to get me out of here.
He's going to kill us.
Are there others?
Does he have someone else?
I don't know.
Please!
He needs medical attention
now.
All right.
Go get him to safety.
I got this guy.
Come on.
Oh, my legs.
My legs.
Nyla!
Here.
Are you OK?
No.
He injected me with something.
I can't feel my legs.
OK, hang on.
There's an ambulance
on the way.
This is Lopez.
Officer down,
Westview basement.
Conscious and breathing,
but injected with some type
of paralytic
and can't move her legs.
We need those EMTs
down here now.
Copy that, Detective.
They're on the way.
It's going to be OK.
- How you doing?
- Better.
Feeling is mostly back.
My best guess
is short-term paralytic.
I'm just trying not
to think too hard about
how dirty all the needles were
down there.
Probably for the best.
Any sign of our suspect?
No.
He clearly had an escape route.
Psych hospital just sent the
list of patients and employees.
It's a lot of names.
The FBI is digging in.
How's the guy we
pulled out of there?
Remy Darden?
He's in rough shape.
Hopefully he's stable enough
in the morning to talk to us.
And James will be here soon.
- Mm.
I didn't tell him what
really happened,
just that you suffered
a minor injury on the job.
Thanks.
You wanna talk about
how scary that was?
Nope.
You want a hug?
No.
Yes.
Nolan, my office.
♪ I have to tell you this ♪
Yes, sir.
I got a call from Detroit PD.
They pulled prints
from a liquor store robbery
last night.
Were they Pete's?
They were--
they were Pete's, weren't they?
Jason Wyler's.
Detroit, Michigan?
I ran the VICAP search.
There was another hit
on Jason's prints
two days before
outside of Provo.
Looks like Malvado's
got him spooked.
He's been heading east,
getting as far away from LA
as he can.
I'm a little surprised he
picked survival over revenge,
but I'll--I'll take it.
I gave Detroit PD your info.
They'll call if they
have anything more.
Thank you, sir.
Hold up.
One more thing.
Uh, I've been overprotective,
and if Bailey divorces me,
no one will blame her.
If I'm in your shoes,
I'm just as crazed.
But you have
to live your lives.
Yes, sir.
♪ Make you happier
than ever ♪
♪ It's just
around the corner ♪
Where do you
think you're going?
Uh, home feels like the wrong
answer, but I'm not sure why?
Sawed-off shotgun, dagger,
nunchucks, AR-15--
which two violate
the same penal code?
We doing this now?
You need to know the law cold
no matter how tired you are,
no matter how many
other things are going on.
Right.
Sawed-off shotgun and dagger,
violation of 12020,
possession of an
illegal weapon.
What about nunchucks?
Formerly a violation
of 12020,
but currently
no violation at all.
They became legal in 2023.
Good.
You're dismissed.
Sergeant, I appreciate it.
How hard you are on me
and how dedicated you are
to doing the job right.
And I swear I'm not kissing up.
Where I'm from,
a lot of cops don't have
that same level of diligence.
Some are transplants who had
failed from other departments.
They didn't care
the way you do.
And I guess I didn't
really understand
how much I had to learn.
So thank you.
Dismissed.
Yes, sir.
♪ It's just around
the corner ♪
♪ Between lavender
and heaven ♪
I know that logically,
intellectually, even legally,
I'm not to blame
for Novak's crimes,
but emotionally,
I'm struggling.
Well, you're not a robot,
Wes.
I mean, I would actually
be more concerned
if you felt nothing
after all this.
But on the bright side,
at least you've forgotten
about the detective who has
the hots for your wife, right?
Well,
now I'm thinking about him.
Anyway--
What is this?
You're having a wake
for Sean's political career
and didn't invite me?
I made a sound only
a bat could hear.
I figured that
would do the trick.
Oh!
It is so nice to see you
retain your sense of humor
given the end of your campaign.
Huh.
I mean, who would elect a DA
who was so instrumental
in letting a serial killer
go free?
OK, you and I both know
that what happened is far more
complicated than that.
Of course.
But voters don't
do complicated.
You should withdraw before you
get embarrassed at the polls.
Mm-hmm.
Really nice to have you back.
Mm.
She's lovely.
Third down and three
inside the 25-yard line...
Stay.
Hey.
Um, how much do you trust
the LAPD background checks?
I'm sorry, why are you
at my door asking me that?
Come on.
OK, so Seth told me that
his high school girlfriend
died of an OD,
but then he told Miles that
she died in a car accident.
I confronted him about it.
He covered it pretty well,
said that they were
different girlfriends.
But I--that--
that seems pretty unlikely.
I just can't shake this feeling
that there's
something off with him.
Look, our background checks
are pretty invasive.
And he would have had
to pass a polygraph test,
which we both know
those are illuminating.
If he was hiding something,
I think it would have come out.
Yeah, you're right.
But you're still
not satisfied?
No, I--
I'm sorry.
I--OK.
Oh.
Oh, my gosh.
Hey, Kojo.
You like a butt scratch?
I miss you.
Feeling's mutual.
Look, I know it's late,
and I don't have much
in the way of food,
but I could order something.
Uh...
oh.
No.
No, I should, um--
I'm gonna go,
and so have a good night.
- You, too.
- Yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
I'm happy to come back
whenever you need me.
Thank you.
I think, though, we're all set.
Thanks for the offer.
Mm,
I'm happy you're back home.
Me, too.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
All righty.
Bye, guys.
See you soon.
I am sorry.
I am sorry for treating you
like a damsel in distress
when you are anything but.
You are strong, you are smart,
and you are more than capable
of handling yourself.
Sometimes it's just
hard to figure out what help
you need from me.
Well, I knew you were
coming from a good place.
I just--
in the future, I recommend
asking instead of telling.
Agreed.
Let me try.
Would you care to spend some
quality personal time with me
in our quality personal bed?
Perfect.
I'm just gonna get us a water,
you know, for after.
Excellent.
Hydrate.
Damn it.